BIG SWITCH NETWORKS, INC.
SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE
DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING OR USING THE SOFTWARE OR ANY ACCOMPANYING
DOCUMENTATION (COLLECTIVELY, THE “SOFTWARE”).

THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT
(“AGREEMENT”) GOVERN USE OF THE SOFTWARE UNLESS YOU AND BIG SWITCH
NETWORKS, INC. (“BSN”) HAVE EXECUTED A SEPARATE WRITTEN AGREEMENT
GOVERNING USE OF THE SOFTWARE.

BSN is willing to license the Software to you only upon the condition
that you accept all the terms contained in this Agreement.  If you
download, install or use the Software or any device that contains the
Software, then you have indicated that you understand this Agreement
and accept all of its terms.  If you are accepting the terms of this
Agreement on behalf of a company or other legal entity, you represent
and warrant that you have the authority to bind that company or other
legal entity to the terms of this Agreement, and, in such event, “you”
and “your” will refer to that company or other legal entity.  If you
do not accept all the terms of this Agreement, then BSN is unwilling
to license the Software to you, and you must return the Software (and
if the Software has been made available to you as part of another
product, you must return the entire product) for a full refund, if you
have paid for the license to the Software, or, if BSN has made the
Software available to you without charge, you must destroy all copies
of the Software.  Your right to return the Software for a refund
expires 30 days after the date of purchase.

1.  Grant of License.  Conditioned upon your compliance with the terms
and conditions of this Agreement, BSN grants you a non-exclusive and
non-transferable license to load, install, and run the executable form
of the Software solely for internal business purposes and subject
further to the following restrictions:

    (a) If the Software has been provided as part of a device that
    contains the Software, you may use the software only on that
    device; otherwise, you may use the Software only on as many
    computers, devices or in such configurations to which you are
    entitled, as specified in the applicable ordering document, or, if
    not specified in such ordering document, on a single computer or
    device; and
    (b) You may use Software only for the number of issued and
    outstanding IP addresses, central processing unit performance,
    number of ports, and any other restrictions set forth in BSN’s
    published documentation for the Software.

You may make a single copy of the Software for backup purposes;
provided that you reproduce on it all copyright and other proprietary
notices that are on the original copy of the Software.  BSN reserves
all rights in the Software not expressly granted to you in this
Agreement.

2.  Restrictions.  Except as expressly specified in this Agreement,
you may not: (a) copy (except in the course of loading or installing),
modify, translate, merge or create derivative works of the Software,
including but not limited to adding new features or otherwise making
adaptations that alter the functioning of the Software; (b) disable or
circumvent any licensing control feature in the Software; (c)
transfer, sublicense, lease, lend, rent or otherwise distribute the
Software to any third party; (d) make the functionality of the
Software available to multiple users through any means, including but
not limited to by uploading the Software to a network or file-sharing
service or through any hosting, application services provider, service
bureau, software-as-a-service (SaaS) or any other type of services;
(e) disclose the results of any benchmarking of the Software to third
parties; (f) use the Software to develop or enhance any product that
competes, directly or indirectly, with the Software; or (g) use the
Software in a manner that would violate any law applicable to you.
You acknowledge and agree that portions of the Software, including but
not limited to the source code and the specific design and structure
of individual modules or programs, constitute or contain trade secrets
of BSN and its licensors.  Accordingly, you agree not to disassemble,
decompile or reverse engineer the Software, or otherwise attempt to
access or determine its underlying source code, interface techniques
or algorithms, in whole or in part, or permit or authorize a third
party to do so, except to the extent such activities are expressly
permitted by law notwithstanding this prohibition.

3.  Ownership.  The Software, including all copies thereof, is
licensed, not sold.  If BSN provides a copy of the Software to you on
tangible media, you own the media on which the Software is recorded,
but BSN retains ownership of the copy of the Software, including all
intellectual property rights therein. The Software is protected by
United States copyright law and international treaties.  You will not
delete or in any manner alter the copyright, trademark, and other
proprietary rights notices or markings appearing on the Software as
delivered to you.

4.  Open Source Software.  The Software is distributed with certain
independent software that is licensed under an open source license
(such software, “Open Source Software”).  The Open Source Software is
identified in BSN’s published documentation for the Software.  To the
extent that any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement that
govern your use of the Software conflict with, or are in addition to,
the terms of any such open source license, the conflicting or
additional terms will not apply to the corresponding Open Source
Software.

5.  Term.  The license granted under this Agreement remains in effect
for the period stated in the applicable ordering documentation, unless
earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement.  You may
terminate the license at any time by destroying all copies of the
Software in your possession or control.  The license granted under
this Agreement will automatically terminate, with or without notice
from BSN, if you breach any term of this Agreement.  Upon termination,
you must at BSN’s option either promptly destroy or return to BSN all
copies of the Software in your possession or control.

6.  Limited Warranty.  BSN warrants that, for ninety (90) days
following the date of delivery, the Software will perform in all
material respects in accordance with its published documentation.  As
your sole and exclusive remedy and BSN’s entire liability for any
breach of this limited warranty, BSN will at its option and expense
promptly correct or replace the Software so that it conforms to this
limited warranty.  The limited warranty set forth herein: (a) does not
apply to the extent that BSN provides you with the Software (or
portions of the Software) for beta, evaluation, testing or
demonstration purposes; and (b) is void if the Software or any
accompanying equipment or hardware purchased from BSN or an authorized
BSN reseller on or in connection with which the Software is used: (i)
has been altered, except by BSN, (ii) has not been installed,
operated, repaired or maintained in accordance with instructions
supplied by BSN in the accompanying documentation or (iii) has been
subjected to unreasonable physical, thermal or electrical stress,
misuse, negligence or accident.

7.  DISCLAIMER.  BSN does not warrant that the Software will meet your
requirements, that the operation of the Software will be error-free
or uninterrupted, or that all Software errors will be corrected.  THE
LIMITED WARRANTY SET FORTH IN SECTION 6 IS IN LIEU OF AND BSN
EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT,
AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE.
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED FROM BSN
OR ELSEWHERE WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION NOT EXPRESSLY
STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT.  THE SOFTWARE IS NOT DESIGNED OR INTENDED
FOR USE IN HAZARDOUS ENVIRONMENTS REQUIRING FAIL-SAFE PERFORMANCE
WHERE THE FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE COULD LEAD TO DEATH, PERSONAL INJURY
OR SIGNIFICANT PHYSICAL OR ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE.  USE OF THE SOFTWARE
IN SUCH HIGH RISK ACTIVITIES IS NOT AUTHORIZED.

8.  Limitation of Liability.  BSN’S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FROM ALL
CAUSES OF ACTION AND UNDER ALL THEORIES OF LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED
TO THE AMOUNTS PAID TO BSN BY YOU FOR THE SOFTWARE OR, IN THE EVENT
THAT BSN HAS MADE THE SOFTWARE AVAILABLE TO YOU WITHOUT CHARGE, BSN’S
TOTAL LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO USD$500.  IN NO EVENT WILL BSN BE
LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOSS OF DATA, BUSINESS, PROFITS OR
USE) OR FOR THE COST OF PROCURING SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS ARISING OUT OF
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE
SOFTWARE, WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY ARISES FROM ANY CLAIM BASED UPON
CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR
OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT BSN HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE.  THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS WILL SURVIVE AND
APPLY EVEN IF ANY LIMITED REMEDY SPECIFIED IN THIS AGREEMENT IS FOUND
TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

9.  U.S. Government End Users.  The Software and BSN’s published
documentation therefor are “commercial items” as that term is defined
in FAR 2.101, consisting of “commercial computer software” and
“commercial computer software documentation,” respectively, as such
terms are used in FAR 12.212 and DFARS 227.7202.  If the Software and
Documentation are being acquired by or on behalf of the
U.S. Government, then, as provided in FAR 12.212 and DFARS 227.7202-1
through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the U.S. Government’s rights in the
Software and BSN’s published documentation therefor will be only those
specified in this Agreement.

10. Export Law.  You agree to comply fully with all U.S. export laws
and regulations to ensure that neither the Software nor any technical
data related thereto nor any direct product thereof are exported or
re-exported directly or indirectly in violation of, or used for any
purposes prohibited by, such laws and regulations.

11. Audit.  You hereby grant BSN (or its agent) the right to perform
an audit of your use of the Software (including all records reasonably
related to your use of the Software) to verify your compliance with
the terms of this Agreement.  You agree to cooperate with BSN in any
such audit.  BSN will provide you with reasonable prior written notice
of its intention to conduct such an audit and any such audit will be
conducted during normal business hours and in such a manner as to
minimize interference with your normal business operations.

12. Confidentiality.

    A.  The Software constitutes confidential and proprietary
    information belonging to BSN or BSN’s suppliers.  As a result of
    this Agreement, Licensee may receive other confidential or
    proprietary information (collectively, “Proprietary Information”)
    belonging to BSN.  Proprietary Information may include, but is not
    limited to, software programs, the concepts contained in such
    programs, documentation, test results and business or technical
    plans.  The following information shall not constitute Proprietary
    Information: any information that: (i) was previously known to
    Licensee free of any obligation to keep it confidential; (ii) is
    or has become publicly known, through no wrongful act of Licensee;
    (iii) was rightfully received by Licensee from a third party who
    is under no obligation of confidence to BSN; or (iv) was
    independently developed by Licensee without use of Proprietary
    Information that has been disclosed by BSN pursuant to this
    Agreement.  Except to the extent authorized in this Agreement or
    by BSN in writing, Licensee agrees: (a) not to make any other use
    of the Proprietary Information, (b) not to duplicate the
    Proprietary Information, (c) not to make the Proprietary
    Information available to any third party in any form, and (d) to
    safeguard the Proprietary Information to the same extent that
    Licensee protects its own confidential or proprietary information
    of similar importance.  Licensee may disclose relevant aspects of
    the Software to its employees and contractors if necessary to
    Licensee’s evaluation, provided that the Software is not used,
    disclosed, or distributed by such employees or contractors in
    violation of this Agreement.  Results of tests of such Software
    run by Licensee may be disclosed to third parties only with BSN's
    prior written consent.

    B.  Any and all Feedback shall be treated by Licensee as
    Proprietary Information of BSN in accordance with subsection (A)
    above, except to the extent that Licensee obtains BSN’s prior
    written consent to disclose it.

    C.  Any press release or publication regarding this Agreement is
    subject to prior approval of the parties, provided, however, that
    BSN may list in its relevant marketing materials that Company is
    or was a licensee of Big Switch's Products without requiring
    Company’s prior approval.

13. General.  This Agreement will be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to
or application of conflict of laws rules or principles.  The United
Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods
will not apply.  You may not assign or transfer this Agreement or any
rights granted hereunder, by operation of law or otherwise, without
BSN’s prior written consent, and any attempt by you to do so, without
such consent, will be void.  Except as expressly set forth in this
Agreement, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under
this Agreement will be without prejudice to its other remedies under
this Agreement or otherwise.  All notices or approvals required or
permitted under this Agreement will be in writing and delivered by
confirmed facsimile transmission, by overnight delivery service, or by
certified mail, and in each instance will be deemed given upon
receipt.  All notices or approvals will be sent to the addresses set
forth in the applicable ordering document or invoice or to such other
address as may be specified by either party to the other in accordance
with this section.  The failure by either party to enforce any
provision of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of future
enforcement of that or any other provision.  Any waiver, modification
or amendment of any provision of this Agreement will be effective only
if in writing and signed by authorized representatives of both
parties.  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be
unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be enforced to the
maximum extent possible, and the other provisions will remain in full
force and effect.  This Agreement is the complete and exclusive
understanding and agreement between the parties regarding its subject
matter, and supersedes all proposals, understandings or communications
between the parties, oral or written, regarding its subject matter,
unless you and BSN have executed a separate agreement.  Any terms or
conditions contained in your purchase order or other ordering document
that are inconsistent with or in addition to the terms and conditions
of this Agreement are hereby rejected by BSN and will be deemed null.
